_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: Weinberg.jpg
  image_circular: True # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Whitmore Lab 322 - Institute for Gravitation and the Cosmos</p>
    <p>104 Davey Lab</p>
    <p>State College, Pennsylvania 16803</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `Weinberg.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

minor changes and replacements of needless info

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: Weinberg.jpg
  image_circular: True # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Whitmore Lab 322 - Institute for Gravitation and the Cosmos</p>
    
    <p>State College, Pennsylvania 16803</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---


I am a research asistant in the department of Astronomy and Astrophysics as well as in the Institute for Gravitation and the Cosmos (IGC). Much of my undegraduate work was focused on trying to develop a better understanding of gravity and how it might behave at a quantum scale. For the most part, I am still working on this post graduation, but have also joined the Penn State High Energy Astrophysics Detector Instrumentation ([HEADI](https://sites.psu.edu/headilab/)) Lab which is focused on detector characterization for the upcoming BlackCAT (Black Hole Coded Aperture Telescope).
